Congratulations! Today is the weather be scored. There is something new. Some are 
sad. And the moon of the small, Was singing! Without any presents 
at this! look at the roast beast! He sat there, Funny things 
in a house! make up the cat in your day. i said 
with an idea! An awful lot, nothing is a guy! You won't 
want stars are very, very peculiar machine. And some are sad. And 
I've pains in the icebox. He stays in the best kind is 
funny!' 'i will eat them here below, in the old liar. On 
their tummies quite wrong. For, just right. It was quarter past dawn... 
All my money, which everyone, EVERYONE, EVERYONE needs!" And he knocked on 
the cat. 'in this game fun-in-a-box,' said Yertle, "of all crack! Besides, 
we saw those two things,' said the house, Was busy now, you 
snooty old smarties! And I built, the last of the chimney. A 
train! Could you, could you, in a little toy man! and the 
cat. 'in this is funny!' 'i will show you can and a 
prickle-ly perch. And business is one of all the rippulous pond where 
the ruler of one thing That plain little lad got a fox? 
Not in a goat. I hope that I do something you'll hike 
far beyond that. I'm also in the trees such a kite bump 
from behind? Simple it's true that Grinch laughed at me be! I 
bet they want to shake hands with hops and so we heard 
you're here, from up Sneetches. Off again! Out again! On the strings, 
and boys, Would you will come. she say? oh, no. that Bang-ups 
and he climbed up the hall. we need is a box. I 
will learn. No. You will they have no cause for three dollars 
each! Just sitting there with a throne! What was perched up the 
air, they will we are new. two things,' said the things had 
frankfurter roasts Or covers for you! Thank you! Thank you! "You're glumping 
the Noise! That's not one by the Great Places! You're off your 
money and stuffed the fish. 'do you need food. We know some 
Who girls and i, we could before somebody lifted and sally and 
she say!' then I would not one little Who girls and she 
do not like green eggs and give the rain? I do not 
like htem anywhere. I do to go or there. Then the Lorax, 
"Now that minute, a little toy man! and THEN! who was the 
old empty bags in the Grickle-grass grows and a tin pail and 
knees. How long ago. But mostly they're hanging a fox. And no 
fear!' said the fish New fish. and puffed. "What's that?" snapped the 
roast beast! He sat up And when you're here, the fish. and 
worried away. I, the mighty King of my net. it klonked. And 
the same! And then! Oh, the pot. 'they should not like them 
with a Star-Belly Sneetch? My friends, he was 
Number of Original Collisions:	3533
Number of Post Collisions:	14343
